it was girl everyone this brother here
with the unboxing of the Sony Xperia z2
and the sony magnetic charging dock for
the Xperia z2 so without further ado
let's go right ahead into the unboxing
so first I'll let us put the Xperia z2 a
site we set the best for the last and
let us go straight into the unboxing of
the Sony magnetic charging dock so just
notice that this comes free together
with the purchase of the Xperia z2 so
let's see why you have over here so to
see the packaging really read simple
packaging you know nothing much fancy
fool comes with two paths alright and
that's going to vary got it over here
the charging dock let's see what do we
have inside see some manners
nobody's gonna read there anyway put
that aside and what we have over here
it's a dock cross to put into this
charging dock since I know they're
coming for USB cable yep
does it come of it and I think the most
important thing that you guys are
interested is of course the phone itself
the Xperia z2 so let's take a look at
packaging you can see just like this
surprisingly this summer Sony kidnap
packaging really simple so at a back you
can see what is available over here the
first thing it says they states that he
has a triluminos display
x-reality for mobile BIOS processor for
mobile I believe this is the processor
for the camera the exmor r x 4k movie
recording of course you know it stays as
waterproof NFC and know the specs
turn it by seven megapixel comes in a
Snapdragon 801
2.3 gigahertz quad-core processor now
causes sorry fact the ip55 IPP
it and on this screen size is five point
two inch screen with a full HD 1920 x
1080 P resolution so let's go in through
it now box you know just to clarify
actually I've already open up this box
beforehand already because it's a
requirement by the telcos so these
Xperia Z tool you can see over here
that's opening up alright put your site
let's see what do we have inside a box
of cards it comes from a nurse you know
yes I see you're not gonna read that
comfy for pooping if I'm not only this a
UK plug USB partition and just a note I
don't think this is a high-power fatso
probably gonna take quite some time to
chop to fully charge the phone and it
comes with this really simple year piece
by Sony and honestly speaking I beat my
research beforehand I believe most of
the countries I mean apart from
Singapore they are actually getting a
nice canceling year piece but I'm really
quite disappointed in this case that
Sony Singapore does that include that in
the package and of course USB cable
maybe outside in the most important is
anything
really very nice simple actually pick up
the white one I was contemplating within
a black and a white that's all
ultimately I went for the white because
I think really look looks really elegant
so let's period of satisfying woosh
sound let's see turn it on and cost less
to kill off back mmm shiny this is Sony
and of course this table you can see
it's really nice really shiny maybe
let's just play a video no I don't tell
you some video so let's take a look but
some surprisingly have some deaths in it
the spin looks really good triluminos
display then of course you know we will
save that for the review later on so
once again that's a quick roundup this
is what you get for the purchase of the
Sony Xperia z2 I hope you enjoyed this
video once again I will see you again in
the next video thank you